Introduce helper functions for small and medium ecommerce plans detection (#1128)
Automattic/wc-calypso-bridge: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= Unreleased =

> * Add helper functions to detect the new Essential and Performance WooX plans. #1128

Reviewer: To be super-future-proof, I think we should use `Woo Express` instead of `WooX`.
```suggestion
* Add helper functions to detect the new Essential and Performance Woo Express plans. #1128
```
